Update doc with more exemples. (#11)
hairyhenderson/caddyprom: README.md

This implements a [Caddy v2 module](https://caddyserver.com/docs/extending-caddy)
that exposes metrics in the [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) format.

> ## Build caddy with caddyprom module
> Download xcaddy latest relsease : https://github.com/caddyserver/xcaddy/releases/  
> build caddy with prometheus : 
> ```console
> ./xcaddy build --with https://github.com/hairyhenderson/caddyprom
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this module, you must build a Caddy binary with the module compiled in. Use [xcaddy](https://github.com/caddyserver/xcaddy#install) for this.
```

> ## Usage
> ### Caddyfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage

### Caddyfile

```

prometheus
```

> ### Json config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### JSON config
```

> Here is an exemple using caddy as a reverse proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Here is an example that tracks metrics for Caddy's `reverse_proxy` module as well:

```

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```

                                                    "upstreams": [
                                                        {
                                                            "dial": "10.0.0.1:80"
                                                        },
                                                        {
                                                            "dial": "10.0.0.2:80"
                                                        }
                                                    ]
                                                }
                                            ]
                                        }
                                    ]
                                }
                            ],
                            "match": [
                                {
                                    "host": [
                                        "redacted.mycompany.com"
                                    ]
                                }
                            ],
                            "terminal": true
                        }
                    ]
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> ## Get metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get metrics

```
